certService/README.md, before:

# Cert service

### General description
More information about the project and all its functionalities you can find under the wiki page: 
    ```
    https://wiki.onap.org/display/DW/AAF+Certification+Service
    ``` 

### For developers
    * AAF Cert Service Api is a Spring Boot application
    * Code style
        Use Google code formatter in your IDE.
        For IntelliJ use [https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8527-google-java-format]
        For other IDEs use []https://github.com/google/google-java-format]

### Running Locally
    ```
     mvn spring-boot:run

    ```

### Project building
    ```
     mvn clean package

    ```
    
### Building Docker image manually
Go to the certService subfolder and execute following statement (1.0.0-SNAPSHOT is related to a current project.version parameter):
    ```
    docker build --build-arg VERSION=1.0.0-SNAPSHOT -t onap/org.onap.aaf.certservice.aaf-certservice-api .
    ```
    
### Install the package into the local repository
    ```
    mvn clean install
   
    ```     
    
### Building Docker image and  install the package into the local repository
    ```
    mvn clean install -P docker
   
    ```   

### Running Docker container local
    ```
    docker run -p 8080:8080 --name aaf-certservice-api onap/org.onap.aaf.certservice.aaf-certservice-api

    ```

### Running Docker container from nexus
    ```
    docker run -p 8080:8080 --name aaf-certservice-api nexus3.onap.org:10001/onap/org.onap.aaf.certservice.aaf-certservice-api:1.0.0

    ```
    
### Health Check
 Browser:
 
    ```
     http://<localhost>:8080/actuator/health
     
    ```
     
 Curl:   
 
    ```
     curl localhost:8080/actuator/health 
     
    ```   
 Should return {"status":"UP"}

### Running CSITs
Pull csit repository
    
    ```
     https://gerrit.onap.org/r/admin/repos/integration/csit
    
    ```
Go to created directory and run
    
    ```
     sudo ./run-csit.sh plans/aaf/cert-service
    
    ```
### Logs locally

path: 

    ```
     var/log/onap/aaf/certservice/
    ```    
### Logs in Docker container
    ```
     docker exec -it aaf-certservice-api bash
    ```

path:

    ```
      cd /var/log/onap/aaf/certservice
    ```
You should see:    
audit.log  error.log  trace.log

### Sonar results
    ```     
      https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=onap_aaf-certservice
    ```
    
 ### Maven artifacts
 All maven artifacts are deployed under nexus uri:
     ```
        https://nexus.onap.org/content/repositories/snapshots/org/onap/aaf/certservice/
    ```
        
 ### Docker artifacts
 All docker images are hosted under nexus3 uri:
     ```
        https://nexus3.onap.org/repository/docker.snapshot/v2/onap/org.onap.aaf.certservice.aaf-certservice-api/
    ```

### RestAPI
API is described by Swagger ( OpenAPI 3.0 ) on endpoint /docs 
( endpoint is defined in properties as springdoc.swagger-ui.path )
  
    ```
    http://localchost:8080/docs
    
    ```

### Sonar results
    ```     
      https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=onap_aaf-certservice
    ```

Commit message:

Created docker-compose with ejbca and certservice
Docker-compose should run configured EJBCA and certservice.

Signed-off-by: Michal Banka <michal.banka@nokia.com>
Issue-ID: AAF-997
Change-Id: I2c815c7a97636e31cc07d8a6d7a172a3895523b7

certService/README.md, after:

# Cert service

### General description
More information about the project and all its functionalities you can find under the wiki page: 
    ```
    https://wiki.onap.org/display/DW/AAF+Certification+Service
    ``` 

### For developers
    * AAF Cert Service Api is a Spring Boot application
    * Code style
        Use Google code formatter in your IDE.
        For IntelliJ use [https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8527-google-java-format]
        For other IDEs use []https://github.com/google/google-java-format]

### Running Locally
    ```
     mvn spring-boot:run

    ```

### Project building
    ```
     mvn clean package

    ```
    
### Building Docker image manually
Go to the certService subfolder and execute following statement (1.0.0-SNAPSHOT is related to a current project.version parameter):
    ```
    docker build --build-arg VERSION=1.0.0-SNAPSHOT -t onap/org.onap.aaf.certservice.aaf-certservice-api .
    ```
    
### Install the package into the local repository
    ```
    mvn clean install
   
    ```     
    
### Building Docker image and  install the package into the local repository
    ```
    mvn clean install -P docker
   
    ```   

### Running Docker container local
    ```
    docker run -p 8080:8080 --name aaf-certservice-api onap/org.onap.aaf.certservice.aaf-certservice-api

    ```

### Running Docker container from nexus
    ```
    docker run -p 8080:8080 --name aaf-certservice-api nexus3.onap.org:10001/onap/org.onap.aaf.certservice.aaf-certservice-api:1.0.0

    ```

### Running Docker container from docker-compose with EJBCA
 Docker-compose uses nexus image of certservice.
 
    ```
    docker-compose up
     
    ```

### Health Check
 Browser:
 
    ```
     http://<localhost>:8080/actuator/health
     
    ```
     
 Curl:   
 
    ```
     curl localhost:8080/actuator/health 
     
    ```   
 Should return {"status":"UP"}

### Running CSITs
Pull csit repository
    
    ```
     https://gerrit.onap.org/r/admin/repos/integration/csit
    
    ```
Go to created directory and run
    
    ```
     sudo ./run-csit.sh plans/aaf/cert-service
    
    ```
### Logs locally

path: 

    ```
     var/log/onap/aaf/certservice/
    ```    
### Logs in Docker container
    ```
     docker exec -it aaf-certservice-api bash
    ```

path:

    ```
      cd /var/log/onap/aaf/certservice
    ```
You should see:    
audit.log  error.log  trace.log

### Sonar results
    ```     
      https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=onap_aaf-certservice
    ```
    
 ### Maven artifacts
 All maven artifacts are deployed under nexus uri:
     ```
        https://nexus.onap.org/content/repositories/snapshots/org/onap/aaf/certservice/
    ```
        
 ### Docker artifacts
 All docker images are hosted under nexus3 uri:
     ```
        https://nexus3.onap.org/repository/docker.snapshot/v2/onap/org.onap.aaf.certservice.aaf-certservice-api/
    ```

### RestAPI
API is described by Swagger ( OpenAPI 3.0 ) on endpoint /docs 
( endpoint is defined in properties as springdoc.swagger-ui.path )
  
    ```
    http://localchost:8080/docs
    
    ```

### Sonar results
    ```     
      https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=onap_aaf-certservice
    ```
